Feat: Route by Header plugin (#978)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/route-by-header/index.md

search_aliases:
  - route-by-header
  - route by request header

related_resources:
  - text: Route requests to different Upstreams based on headers
    url: /how-to/route-requests-to-different-upstreams-based-on-headers/
---

> This plugin allows you to route a request to a new Upstream if it matches one of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows you to route a request to a specific [Upstream](/gateway/entities/upstream/) if it matches one of the
```

> configured rules. Each rule consists of a `condition` object and an
> `upstream_name` object. For each request coming into {{site.base_gateway}}, the plugin will try to find a rule in which
> all the headers defined in the `condition` field have the same value as in the incoming request.
> The first match dictates the Upstream to which the request is forwarded.
> 
> If more than one header is provided in a rule, the plugin looks for all of these headers
> in the request. A request must contain all of the specified headers with the specified
> values for a match to occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured rules. 

## How it works

Each routing rule consists of a `condition` object and an `upstream_name` object. 
For each request coming into {{site.base_gateway}}, the plugin will try to find a rule in which
all the headers defined in the `condition` field have the same value as in the incoming request.
The first match dictates the Upstream to which the request is forwarded.

If more than one header is provided in a rule, the plugin looks for all of these headers
in the request. A request must contain all of the specified headers with the specified
values for a match to occur.
```
Feels like it jumps into a "how it works" explanation right in the second sentence, so I think it would be good to break that out.
